School handbook:
______________________________________________
SCHOOL HANDBOOK

Ark of Trinity GM Montessori School (AOTGMMS)

1. A. Forward by the Proprietor 
........
Dear parents and investors in our children future. 
It is so good to see that many of you have joined in this vision to give the best all-round education to our children. Our vision is Christ-based; to raise excellent performing  children whose spirit is come alive by the word of God. You will experience a new brilliance and confidence in your children that is awakened by the
 uniqueness and  principles of our teaching strategies.
I trust that we will continue to join hands in prayers for this school project and the growth of our children.
We shall all be well pleased.

The Lord bless you, forevermore.

Reverend (Dr. Mrs.) Victoria Onofiok Kinlock
(Proprietor)
............

B. Our Vision 
...........
We seek to graduate  children that are wholesome, scholarly, skilled and confident. 

C. Our Mission 
.........
Our benefits include:
• Christian faith-based environment and learning 
• Loving and charitable learning atmosphere 
• Improved grades
• Performance Tutoring
• Innovative learning tools
• Best education strategy
• Extra curricular activities and skills acquisition 
• Firm corrective discipline
• Wholesomeness and wellbeing

D. Core Values 
...........
This School is dedicated to the training of children in programs of study, activity and a lifestyle that is Bible-centered.
Students are trained to adhere to the School’s philosophy and Biblical based programs. 
We believe that “all things should be done decently and in order” and that our learners should be taught to accept responsibility to “walk honorably before all men”. 
Our bodies are the temples of the Holy Spirit, therefore we train and educate all our students to abstain from anything and everything that could destroy their lives as viewed from a Biblical point. 
We pray that with innovative learning tools and strategies, our students will come out on top.

E. School Motto 
............
Knowledge. Discipline & Charity

Knowledge 
Proverbs 17:24 
 "An intelligent person aims at wise actions, but a fool starts off in many directions."
Oh Lord, teach us wisdom, knowledge, and understanding.

Discipline
Rules are there to promote order and discipline within any organisation. Deuteronomy 8:5 states: “Know then in your heart that as a man disciplines his son, so the Lord your God disciplines you.”
This is not a corrective institution; consequently, we ask that a child not be enrolled with the idea that he will be reformed. We are here to work with the home, but not take the place of Parents who have experienced difficulty in fulfilling their roles. 

Charity
Charity begins at home and it is the firm foundation of our being and very existence.
Acts 20:35
"In all things I have shown you that by working hard in this way we must help the weak and remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he himself said, ‘It is more blessed m to give than to receive."

 All our ventures have these bases. We will teach these values to the children, so that the world will be a better place.

F. School Anthem & Pledge
.............
1. OUR DEAR AOTGM MONTESSORI SCHOOL 
OUR HEARTS AND TONGUES ARE FILLED UP 
WITH PRAISES AND THANKS 
FOR VALUABLE TRAINING IN YOU 
THAT WE CAN'T BUT SAY IT LOUD 
WE'RE PROUD OF YOUR LEGACY 
AND YOUR GREAT VISION

2. WE WILL UPHOLD OUR MOTTO 
KNOWLEDGE, DISCIPLINE CHARITY 
AND WITH ALL OUR EFFORTS 
WE WILL BE THE BEST 
BY RENOUNCING EVERY EVIL
AND OBEYING ALL THE SCHOOL RIULES
KNOWLEDGE DISCIPLINE CHARITY 
THAT WILL BE OUR GUIDE
..............


 
2.   GENERAL SCHOOL RULES

A.  School Days Schedule

(i)  Arrival and Departure Policy
.  Student's are to be in school on these days and at the stipulated time except an alteration is announced:

Nursery School -
7am to 1pm {Monday to Friday}

Primary School 
7am to 2pm {Monday to Friday}

Secondary school
7am to 3pm {Monday to Friday}

School premises opens by 6:30am, 

Teachers Arrival: All teachers are to be at work by 7am.

Morning devotion starts by 7:45 am.

Classes begins in earnest by 9:00 am.
.  Arrival on time and lateness will be checked as we're working on encouraging our kids to be time conscious. 

.  Any child that comes to school later than 8:30am without prior notice and authorisation, will not attend classes for that day and will be sent home. 

School closes at: Nursery - 1pm, 
Primary - 2pm, and Secondary - 3pm.
.  No child is expected to remain at the school premises later than 4pm as this will attract a penalty on the parent or guardian. 
.  Incase there's a need to send someone else to pick up the child, please communicate with the head of school, as no child will be allowed to go home with any stranger except the child comes and goes back by his or herself. 
.  All teachers, students and parents, it is mandatory you sign in and sign out with appropriate time to enable us keep security  consciousness. 
.  No one is allowed out of the school premises without due permission granted or except school dismisses for that day. 


(ii).  Break Times
.  Is time of socializing, eating and playing.
.  No student is allowed in the Learning Centre during break time, unless permission is given by tutor.
·  Student might be in the Learning Center during break time if detention is being served, and a Supervisor or Monitor is present. 
·  No student is allowed to leave the School premises dyring break times or any other place where a teacher is supervising the students (Sport, on tours or excursions, etc.) without permission from Staff. 
·  Students are not allowed to play in the bathroom. 
·  No running, screaming and making noise on the steps, stairways, veranda and corridors. 
·  Students may not get themselves in any illegal practice during break times or during School hours, e.g. kissing, holding of hands and hugging (dating couples), smoking, using/abusing alcohol or drugs, any sexual activities or pornography, stealing, vandalizing, graffiti, bullying others, etc.
·    students are to behave themselves honorably. 
·   After break time, students need to go speedily to their respective classrooms.
·  After break time, students need to make sure that they are neat and properly dressed for the classroom activities (face, hands and shoes are cleaned, shoe laces tightened, uniform neat, shirts tucked in, etc.).

(iii)  General
·   Learners should attend School clean and properly dressed. 
·   Learners must be punctual regarding all activities.
·   All littering will be treated as an offence.
·   No furniture may be removed from any physical facility or damaged.
·   Learners should pay the necessary respect towards Principals, Supervisors, Monitors, fellow learners, and workers.
·   Learners must attend every School day as indicated on the School calendar for the Nigerian Government schools. 
.  Learners must attend and participate in all compulsory School activities and programs, i.e. P.E., art, music, oral and essay writing.
·   A learner is required to memorize a prescribed Scripture passage every month, as part of their identification with Christ. It also helps with character development

(iv)  Open Day Policy 
.  The open day is scheduled to take place once in a term, practically in the 7th week of the academic journey. This helps the parents to interact with their ward's teacher to know about child's activity and progress. 
.  They will also go through the assessment booklet and discussions pertaining to what is required of the parents and also what is expected of the school for next academic session.

3.  SCHOOL FEES, ENROLLMENT AND WITHDRAWAL POLICY 

All new students are admitted on probation for the first six weeks.

(i)  Admission Form
• The sum of N2,000.00 is reserved for purchase of admission form, which is mandatory and is the first step for a child's enrolment. 

(ii)  School fees
.  Is mandatory for every child as this aids the school to provide the best learning experience and conducive environment.

Current fees 2024/2025:

HQ & CITY FEES
NURSERY/PRIMARY  AOTGM.   15,000
OTHERS.   20,000

SECONDARY  JS1 - JS3
AOTGM.    25,000
OTHERS.   30,000

VILLAGE FEES
NURSERY/PRIMARY  AOTGM.   10,000
OTHERS.   15,000

SECONDARY JS1 - JS3
AOTGM.    20000
OTHERS.   25,000s

Fees will be reviewed next school year 2025/2026

Fees does not include books.

(iii)  The registration fee
covers cost of school uniform. Cost of uniform is based on the current cost of production. 

Boys - Nursery Uniform 
= 12,000.00
Shorts -  1x shorts
Shirts - 1 x
White socks - 2 pairs
Sports Wear - 1 pair

Girls - Nursery Uniform
= N12,000
Dress 1x
White socks 2 pairs
Sports Wear: 1 pair 

Boys - Primary Uniform
 = N14,000
Shorts - 1x
Shirt - 1x
White socks 2 pairs
Sports Wear -1pair 

Girls Primary Uniform
= N14,000
Pinafore - 1x 
Shirt - 1x
White socks - 2 pairs
Sports Wear - 1 pair

Uniform for Secondary School = 26,500
Boys/Girls: 
Trousers/Skirt - 1x
Shirt - 1x
Blazer - 1x
Black socks - 2 pairs
White socks - 1 pair
Sports Wear - 1 pair

Shoes:
All students must wear uniform with black cover shoes.

Sports Wear is worn with white canvas. 


Uniform for Pre school
Nursery
Monday to Thursday Boys: Small print light blue Gingham shirt and gray short.
Girls: Small print light blue Gingham dress.

Primary
Monday to Thursday Boys: Large print dark blue Gingham shirt, gray short.
Girls: Large print dark blue Gingham shirt, gray pinafore. 
Shoes - black cover shoes with white socks.
 
Uniform for Secondary School 
Monday to Thursday Boys/Girls: 
Maroon trousers/skirts, maroon blazer, light blue shirt, dark blue tie. Black shoes and black socks. 

Fridays - Every pupil & student goes on the school sport wear: Black shorts and white t-shirt, white socks and white canvas.

Hair:
Boys keep low cut, no plaiting and no  accessories. 

Girls - may keep low cut or weaving or fully plaited hair. No extensions, no beading and no accessories.

• All payment are to be made on or before resumption and an official receipt will be issued as evidence of payment.

• There is no refund of fees after payment, even when the parent chooses to withdraw their ward or the child stays away for some other reason. 

• A one day attendance requires school fees payment. 

• A child whose fees is not completed will not be allowed to complete his or her assessment for the term. 


4.  ABSENCE AND ATTENDANCE
.  A written excuse signed by a parent must be presented to the
 Supervisor when a learner returns to School after being absent. 
.  If the absence is foreseeable, a note should be sent in advance. 
.  Medical, dentist, music and other appointments are to be scheduled after School hours. Absence for reasons other than for sickness and emergencies will be excused only if advance arrangements were made with the Supervisor/Principal and the learner is sufficiently ahead in his work.
.  If there is a need for a student to leave School during the day, the Supervisor must receive a note from the learner’s Parents or the Parent must phone the principal's office before the learner will be allowed to leave the School premises.

(i).  Excessive Absence
.  This will inhibit the student's progress.
.  If, in the opinion of the Administration, the absence is unnecessary, the student will be considered truant. 
.  A Doctor’s Certificate is required if a learner is absent for more than two consecutive days. 
.  A learner is considered late if he is not in the Learning 
.  A learner arriving late is to present a note to the Principal explaining the reasons for lateness. 
.  Continued lateness will result in a conference with the Parents and the Principal, possibly leading to revocation of learner’s privileges, and/or suspension.
.  A letter from the parent is required from a learner who is absent from School for one or two days. 

.   Absence longer than two days requires a Doctor’s Certificate to be presented. 
.   Learners being absent from School for more than 20 days per annum for reasons other than illness could face expulsion.

5. CURRICULUM POLICY

(i).  Curriculum 



(ii)  Projects and Assignments
.  The AOTGMMS supports the place of projects and/or assignments in the School curricula.
.  The aim of projects and/or assignments is set to provide opportunities for research, creativity, thinking skills and problem solving.
.   The Supervisors undertake to ensure that the projects are properly spaced over the year and that the aims and goals of the project(s) will be clearly communicated to the learners. 
.  The learner is to submit the completed project and/or assignment on the set due date. Marks may be forfeited, upon discretion of the Supervisor, if deadlines are not met or if work is not submitted or submitted incompletely

(iii)  Communication Booklet Policy 
.  Each child will be given a communication booklet in which the teacher will fill in emergency information and weekly report of the child's character and learning personality. 
.  Parents may also used the communication booklet to pass necessary information to the teacher as related to the character and learning personality of their wards. 
.  All comments must follow with a signatory. 
(iv)  Plagiarism
.  To get answers from the Score Keys is strictly forbidden and a serious offence to the ACE model. 
.  If plagiarism is detected disciplinary consequences will follow with suspension and/or expulsion.

(v)  Class and Behavior Policy
.  Just as a positive behavior attracts rewards and recommendations, we encourage our children, teachers and parents to follow that path as the opposite will follow negative responses, discipline and sanctions. 
.  A parent must take responsibility for his or her child's indiscipline. 
.  The classroom is a designated space where teaching and learning occurs.
.  Teachers and pupils must handle with care all classroom equipment as caution fee applies to mismanagement. 
.  Each student is expected to participate in class activities and discussions, keep the classroom clean and organize. 
.  We also encourage academic integrity as pupils are advised to stay away from plagiarism when given assignments and project to work on; each must be submitted to the expected date as this will help build an all round child - in character and in learning. 

(vi)  Grading and Assessment Policy 
Our grading system provides an overall evaluation of the child. We observe 2 class test and an examination at the end of the term as this will make up a 70% of the child's result, including rating the social, physical and emotional behavior of the child in terms of participation and contributions to school activities, punctuality, etc {psychomotor and affective assessment}. 
A - 85 - 100%
B - 70 - 84%
C - 55- 69%
D - 45-54%
E - 35 - 44% 
F - 34 - 01% 

(vii)  School Procedure 
·     The AOTGM School office/reception is restricted to staff only.
·     Use of any School facilities after normal School hours requires approval from the principal.
·     Office equipment, photocopy machines, telephones, etc. are restricted to the use of Staff and Administrative Staff only.
·     Learners are encouraged to use water and electricity sparingly.
·     The use of bicycles, roller blades, and skateboards etc. on the School premises is prohibited.
·     No learner is allowed to bring a cell phone or any other electronic devices to the School, during normal School hours.
·     Learners may bring cell phones to extra mural School activities.
·     The AOTGM and Staff of the AOTGM take NO responsibility whatsoever for any personal belongings of the learners that were lost, damaged or stolen, whether it was handed to them for safekeeping or for any other reason whatsoever.


6.  COMPUTER CENTRE

(i)  General Rules 
.  Learners’ use of the Internet at the School is monitored by School Staff. 
.  Learners who violate the School Internet or network rules, or breach network security may face loss of network privileges, suspension, expulsion and/or criminal prosecution.
.  The following are the computer network rules:
·  No downloading of any programs from of the network.
·  No uploading of programs onto the network.
·  Games are not to be played on the computer, unless the Supervisor gives permission, it will be AOTGMGS approved games.
·     Do not change any of the screen settings for any School software.
·     Learners are not to access any chat room sites (social media sites) or offensive sites (e.g. pornographic-, racist-, religious extremist- or adult sites, etc.)
·     No food or drinks are allowed in the computer rooms at any time.
·     No memory sticks or devices will be connected to the AOTGMMS’s computers.
·     No videos/music may be downloaded and copied.
·     No learner will be allowed to work on another learners’ profile.
·     Any damage, loss of equipment/software programmes or vandalism will be for the Parents’ account. (Will be replaced with new equipment/software programmes.)

(ii) Data Protection Policy
.  Here we'll provide a space for the full details and information of guardian or parent, where a copy will be turned out and kept in the child's school file.

7.  DISCIPLINE 
.  The learner must at all times conduct himself in a manner to become a gentleman (Girls to become ladies). 
.  Griping is not tolerated! 
If your child does come home complaining about policy or discipline, please follow the procedures: 
1.   Give the Staff the benefit of the doubt; they would not act if it was not necessary.
2.   Realize that your child’s reporting is emotionally based and may not include all the information.
3.   Realize that the School has reason for all rules and that they are enforced without partiality.
4.   Support the Staff and call the School for all the facts.

.  When a child’s attitude is not in accord with School policies or principles, the child will be placed on probation and both Parents will be called for a conference. .  If the Administration feels the situation has not changed within a designated time, parents will be asked to withdraw the child. 
High School learners in particular – because of their influence on younger learners.
.  Here, discipline is maintained, which is firm, consistent, fair, and tempered with love. .  Our Staff maintains standards of behavior in the Learning Center through kindness, love and genuine regard for the learner.
.  However, when disciplinary action becomes necessary, it is firmly carried out, tempered by good judgement and understanding. 
.  Adherence to the the School’s philosophy and Biblical based programs includes abstinence from smoking, using of alcoholic beverages, using of narcotics, swearing, viewing or discussing pornographic items, and other questionable practices. 
.  Learners are reminded that God expects us to be disciplined in all areas of life: 

Colossians 3:20
“Children, obey your parents in all things: for this is well pleasing unto the Lord.”  

Romans 13:1
“Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers…” 

Hebrews 13:17
“Obey them that have the rule over you, and submit yourselves…” 

Proverbs 6:23
“For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life.” 

Proverbs 10:17
“He is in the way of life that keepeth instructions: but he that refuseth reproof erreth.” 

Proverbs 19:18 
“Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying.” 
Proverbs 22:15
“Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him.” 


8.  Medical Guidelines

(i)  Medication Policy
.  No Staff members or learners will be allowed to administer any medicines, tranquilizers, pain, or pep pills to any learner for headaches, fever, or other reasons without a Parent’s written authorization. 
.  All medicines must be kept and administered at the School’s office.
.  It is part of the AOTGM policy to cooperate with the learners’ Parents/Physician by assisting in the administration of chronic or prescribed medication during School hours as requested.
.  Such assistance will be provided, provided that the principal receives a written statement from the Physician detailing the method, amount and time schedules by which such medication is to be taken.

.   Take note that:
• Prescribed and over-the-counter medications that are not in their original container with an intact label that identifies the medication will not be accepted or administered. 
.  The prescribed medication label must also include the name of the person for who it was prescribed and the name of the prescribing Physician.
· NO medications shall be brought to the School by the learner without written authorization from the Parent.
·  No learner will be allowed to keep medication in his School bag or desk. 

(ii). Health Policy 
.  No parent should bring a sick child to school. 
.  Should you notice fever or high temperature; keep the child in your care until the nature of the sickness is diagnosed and treated. 
.  In order to know the kind of first aid to administer to your ward on emergency cases, we request that you attach to the admission form a general report showing your child's health status. 
.  In terms of immunization, school will make arrangements for advanced permissions from the parent. 
.  Parents are encouraged to inform the School if their child suffers from any chronic diseases, such as allergies, diabetes, asthma, HIV/AIDS, etc.
.  This personal information will equip School Staff to be better able to assist the child in different situations and to possibly keep an extra eye on them. 
.  Personal information will be kept confidential, for Staff members’ knowledge only.

9. Child's Supplies Policy 
.  For effective and efficient results, a child must be given the basic school needs like:
•  the required number of exercise books according to class, 
• purchase of basic textbooks, 
• some stationary 
• and payment of tuition fees. 
• Your child is also expected to come with a nutritional lunch pack either cooked food stored in a vacuum flask and water or proper snacks and drink, 
• No child is expected to come to school hungry and stay hungry. 
• If there's a need for required items for extra curricular activities, parents should endeavor to respond with urgency.
• Each child is expected to provide toiletries which will be used for the term.
• Birthday celebration are strictly observed based on permission granted.

10.  Cell phones and another electronic device communication . .  Devices such as MP3 Players, Play Station, etc. are strictly forbidden on the School campus. 
.  No learner is allowed to bring a cell phone or any other electronic devices to the School, during normal School hours.
.  If a learner is found to have any of these items in their possession or in their school bags, the item will be confiscated and given back at the end of the term.
.  If learners have to bring cell phones to the School for transport arrangements, etc. it then must be handed in to the office staff at 07:15 and can be picked up again at 14:00. However, for such reasons the School phone line is also available.
Permission to use it is given from the Administrative Staff. 
.  The School phone is not available for socializing, chatting etc. It is available in times of emergencies.
The AOTGMMS or Staff assume no responsibility whatsoever for any cell phones/equipment or devices which the learners bring to School. 
.  The School is not accountable for any damage, loss or any other problems caused when cell phones/equipment/electronic devices are brought onto School premises or even if it was handed in at the office.
·   Learners may bring cell phones to extra mural School activities.
·   AOTGMMS and Staff  take NO responsibility whatsoever for any personal belongings of the learners that were lost, damaged or stolen, whether it was handed to them for safekeeping or for any other reason whatsoever. 
.  The use of bicycles, roller blades, and skateboards etc. on the School premises is prohibited.
.  Office equipment, photocopy machines, telephones, etc. are restricted to the use of Staff and Administrative Staff only.
·  Learners are encouraged to use water and electricity sparingly.

11. The Contract

A. Parent's Right and Responsibility 
1. Be available to listen and provide comfort for your ward by encouraging open communication,  offering love, acceptance and reassurance during challenging times.
2. Teach the child empathy, kindness and respect for others as this will aid the child in modeling a positive relationship within and outside home, and encourage moral etiquettes.
3. While coming to school provide adequate nutritious meal for lunch time. This helps renew a child's vitality 
4. A parent must take full responsibility of their wards education by making sure they arrive on time and daily, 5. A aisha must assist the child with homework, and revision. 
6. Parents have the right to access the child's teacher by approved appointment to discuss worries and progress concerning the child's education. 

B. School's Right and Responsibility 
1. Emotional and Mental Health Support: we will provide counseling services where your wards gets to meet with a counselor or therapist to discuss any academic challenge or career opportunities. There will also be seminar to aid and manage the psychological well-being of your ward. 
2. Social and Behavioral Support: A system is provided to deal with conflict and resolutions. We'll also teach your ward how to be polite and environment friendly. Orientations on resolving disagreement and making the best out of our society {hospitality and humanity} will be made available for our learners. 
3. Physical Health and Wellness: We'll have a first-aid team who will attend to the wards health emergency until the parent's arrival. 
Also for the overall well-being of the child, we'll set out few hours, once in a week to do exercises and sports. There are also plans for extracurricular activities like dance, music and lots more which aids the child's mental well-being. 
4. Pastoral Care: we'll make available mentorship programs, dedicated time for students to discuss non-academic concerns with teachers or advisors, career and talents development and creating a cosy and fun learning citadel for your wards. 
5. Extracurricular and Enrichment Opportunities: There will be clubs that will help students explore interests and build social skills. 
We'll also have service learning projects and outlets which will encourage community involvement and a sense of responsibility in the child.
We will provide opportunities in arts, music, and drama for self-expression that will in future help in career and life skill development like financial literacy, communication, leadership and team work.

C. Student's Right and Responsibility 
1. The student has the right to be treated with fairness and care by the teachers and fellow children. He or she is entitled to safety and the right to speech and to be heard. 
2. Student's will be taught the new curriculum to their understanding. Therefore, students must co-operate and also listen to the teacher. 
Students must attend school regularly and also participate in school work and extra curricular activities. 
3. Student's are entitled to rewards or sanctions based on behavior and academic performance. He or she must take responsibility for his or her actions and moral etiquettes. 
4. Every child is expected to dress in the appropriate school uniform and look neat while coming to school. He or she must handle their school materials with care.
They must handle school property with care. Any damage to school property must be repaired or replaced by the parents.
5. A child can actively contribute to their own well-being and development by cultivating habits, attitudes, and behaviors that promote holistic growth beyond academics. 

D.  Teacher's Right and Responsibility 
1. All teachers are expected to work  professionally in accordance to the school vision, mission and set standards. 
.  He or she is expected to live an examplary lifestyle for the students to emulate. 
2. A teacher provides a welcoming atmosphere for learning, organize his or her classroom, promote good habits and courtesy amongst students, and ensure a good discipline and orderliness amongst children.
3. He or she must come to work in the8 appropriate dress code, make lesson notes, input diaries and register, and render lessons in it's minimal form for easy understanding and comprehension of the students as this shows passion and their commitment to work. 
4. Teachers have the right to administer fair discipline to a disrespectful student. He or she is also entitled to instructional materials and resources for implementation of the school curriculum and also offering a realistic midterm projects.
5. Teachers are meant to be treated with respect by the parents as they are your child's second guardian. If there be any complain or observations, please treat with caution. He or she is a great asset to the school as they help build the kids to being future leaders of tomorrow and a better version of themselves.
______________________________________________
Ark of Trinity G.M ALTERS AND GROUPS

AOTGM - HQ CHURCH
(a.k.a Throne of Mercy, Seat of Grace)


IBESIKPO BRANCH 
(a.k.a The Beautiful City on the Hill)


NSIT ATAI BRANCH  
(a.k.a My Rehoboth - Place of my Expansion)


AFAHA AKAI BRANCH (a.k.a place of my Establishment)


NWANIBA BRANCH
(a.k.a Gate of my Encounter)


AFAHA NSIT BRANCH
(a.k.a  O! God of Revelation)


IFIAYONG BRANCH 
(a.k.a place of my Turnaround) 


DAUGHTERS OF ZION (a.k.a my jewel)


YOUTHS FOR CHRIST 
(a.k.a we are moving forward)


CHILDREN OF DESTINY (a.k.a "We are for Signs & Wonders")


MEN FELLOWSHIP 
(a.k.a "Strength of my loin")




YOUTH FELLOWSHIP (a.k.a "We are moving forward")


AOTGM CHOIR
(a.k.a "PRAISE BE")
______________________________________________
Also paste all past flyers in the gallery to showcase our past events
Our Church  song:

Showers of Blessings
Showcase our past monthly themes as epistle from The G.O
______________________________________________
AOTGM AWARDS ON WEDNESDAY 
18 December 2024


1.  Best Choir:

Best Children Choir


Best Youth Choir


Best Adult Choir


2.  Best Cordinated Assembly


3. Best Women Fellowship Group


4. Best Men Fellowship Group 


5a). Best Branch Pastor in the ministry


5b).  2nd Best Pastor Pastor in the Ministry


6.  Fastest Consistently Growing Assembly


7.  Most Proactive - Best Ever Ready Work Group


8.  Most Fire Zeal Assembly 


9.  Best Spiritual Church 
Ibesikpo


10.  Best Administration Team:


11. Best All Round Performing Minister 


12.  G.O's Support Team


13.  G.O and Ministry Trusted Backers


14.  Logistics Support  Team



rewrite this in html body format only. well structured.
start with h3 being the biggest header. dont add or change any word, only correct grammatical errors where necessary




rewrite the content im going to give you  in html body format only. well structured.
start with h3 being the biggest header. dont add or change any word, only correct grammatical errors where necessary


______________________________________________

www.youtube.com/@AOTGMinistry

Ark of Trinity Gospel Ministry 

We serve as a beacon of hope and support, providing charity and welfare to both our congregation and the broader community. Our mission is to demonstrate the love of Christ through acts of kindness, generosity, and compassionate service.


Ark Of Trinity Gospel Ministry

To Evangelize, Teach and Preach the Christian Religion of the Love of God through the Gospel of Jesus Christ. To Empower and Expand People Capacity and Ability to grow through the Christian faith.To promote Alms and Giving Ministry to all people.



User: stuouiik_marvelbyte
Database: stuouiik_ark


Database
stuouiik_ark

username
stuouiik_marvelbyte

Mahvellous1698.


write two sample call to apply message to
Apply for ARK OF TRINITY MONTESSORI SCHOOL